Added support link and hotfix package link (#5735)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: mdop/agpm/troubleshooting-agpm40-upgrades.md

    -   Install the required hotfix.
    
    -   Connect to AGPM using an AGPM client to test that your difference reports are now functioning.
    

>     ## Install Hotfix Package 1 for Microsoft Advanced Group Policy Management 4.0 SP3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install Hotfix Package 1 for Microsoft Advanced Group Policy Management 4.0 SP3
```

>      AGPM can't generate difference reports when it controls or manages new Group Policy Objects (GPOs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AGPM can't generate difference reports when it controls or manages new Group Policy Objects (GPOs)
```

>       install the latest version of Microsoft Desktop Optimization Pack (March 2017 Servicing Release). See KB 4014009 for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**How to get this update**
Install the latest version of Microsoft Desktop Optimization Pack ([March 2017 Servicing Release](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=54967)). See [KB 4014009](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4014009/) for more information.

More specifically, you can choose to download only the first file, `AGPM4.0SP1_Server_X64_KB4014009.exe` from the list presented after pressing the download button.
```

>       Download the Microsoft Desktop Optimization Pack March 2017 Servicing Release from below link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download link to the Microsoft Desktop Optimization Pack (March 2017 Servicing Release) is shown below:
```

>       https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=54967

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=54967
```

>       ## Reference link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reference link
```

>       https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/3127165/hotfix-package-1-for-microsoft-advanced-group-policy-management-4-0-sp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://support.microsoft.com/help/3127165/hotfix-package-1-for-microsoft-advanced-group-policy-management-4-0-sp
```

    -   Install the required hotfix.
    
    -   Connect to AGPM using an AGPM client to test that your difference reports are now functioning.
    
## Install Hotfix Package 1 for Microsoft Advanced Group Policy Management 4.0 SP3
    

> **Issue fixed in this hotfix**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Issue fixed in this hotfix**: AGPM can't generate difference reports when it controls or manages new Group Policy Objects (GPOs).
```

> AGPM can't generate difference reports when it controls or manages new Group Policy Objects (GPOs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> **How to get this update**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**How to get this update**: Install the latest version of Microsoft Desktop Optimization Pack ([March 2017 Servicing Release](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=54967)). See [KB 4014009](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4014009/) for more information.
```

> Install the latest version of Microsoft Desktop Optimization Pack ([March 2017 Servicing Release](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=54967)). See [KB 4014009](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4014009/) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> More specifically, you can choose to download only the first file, `AGPM4.0SP1_Server_X64_KB4014009.exe` from the list presented after pressing the download button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More specifically, you can choose to download only the first file, `AGPM4.0SP1_Server_X64_KB4014009.exe`, from the list presented after pressing the download button.
```

> Download link to the Microsoft Desktop Optimization Pack (March 2017 Servicing Release) is shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The download link to the Microsoft Desktop Optimization Pack (March 2017 Servicing Release) can be found [here](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=54967).
```

> https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=54967

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
